+++
title = "June 2013 ChicagoLUG meeting and hackfest"
subtitle = "OpenShift and Open Help - Exploring Red Hat's Platform as a Service and looking at the latest in open approaches to documentation."
date = "2013-06-29T12:00:00-06:00"
description = "Topics include Red Hat's OpenShift Platform as a Service offering, and a recap of interesting details from the Open Help user help / user support conference."
slug = "2013-06-29"
tags = [ "Sten Turpin", "Jim Campbell", "OpenShift", "Documentation", "Mallard" ] 
type = "meetings"
banner = "img/meetings/mallard-logo.png"
author = "ChicagoLUG"
+++

We've scheduled our June meeting for Saturday, June 29th, starting at
12:00pm at [Pumping Station: One](http://chicagolug.org/psone312). Early
birds typically start showing up by about 11:40 or so. All are welcome.

Speaking Topics
---------------

Sten Turpin of Red Hat will be presenting on OpenShift, Red Hat's new
Platform as a Service offering. Also, Jim Campbell will be presenting on
some highlights from the recent Open Help user help / user support
conference in Cincinnati. Jim's talk will also include a basic
introduction to using Mallard, the documentation format used by the
GNOME documentation project.

Hacking
-------

As per usual, several of us will hack on GNOME-related projects, but
feel free to bring whatever project that you want to work on.

If you need help with setting-up or fixing your computer, please let us
know in advance so that we can plan accordingly.

Foodstuffs
----------

Some funds for food and drink are supplied by the [GNOME Foundation](https://www.gnome.org/foundation/), but it's typically a
good idea to bring a few dollars if you want to partake of pizza and
drinks.
