+++
title = "June 2014 Meeting of the ChicagoLUG"
subtitle = "OpenVPN and Docker"
date = "2014-06-28T15:00:00-06:00"
description = "We have two talks lined-up for our June meeting - OpenVPN and Docker. With regards to OpenVPN, we'll look at how to set up a VPN server so that we can use the internet a bit more securely over less-than-secure networks. Additionally, we'll be exploring the new tool for building Linux containers, Docker. We'll get an introduction to how it works and how we can use it to deploy applications."
slug = "2014-06-28"
tags = [ "Jim Campbell", "Joshua Calloway", "OpenVPN", "Docker" ] 
type = "meetings"
banner = "img/meetings/docker-logo.jpg"
author = "ChicagoLUG"
+++
  
We're planning two presentations for our June meeting, and we're also
planning to venture out to a neighborhood pub for post-meeting
socializing.

The meeting is set for Saturday, June 28th, starting at 3:00pm. We'll be
meeting at [Pumping Station: One](http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone.html).

Speaking Topics
---------------

We have two speaking topics lined-up for our June meeting: OpenVPN and
Docker.

With regards to [OpenVPN](http://www.openvpn.net), Jim Campbell will
take us through why we use it, and what advantages it provides over
something like basic SSH. Jim will also give us step-by-step
instructions on how to set up and use our own OpenVPN server.

In addition to that, Joshua Calloway will give us an introduction to
[Docker](http://docker.com), a software tool for building and managing
Linux containers. Docker containers allow you to run the same
application, unchanged, on laptops, data center VMs, and any cloud.
We'll go through Docker setup, the Docker registry, creating Docker
files, and will also have some time for demos and Q&A.

LUG Discussion Topics
---------------------

In between our two scheduled talks, we'll have some LUG-related news to
discuss. Agenda items include:

-   LUG Member activities
-   Groupon and GNOME
-   Opportunities through the FSF and the Linux Foundation at LinuxCon
    North America
-   Discussing LUG meeting space
-   Use of Rackspace Resources

Foodstuffs
----------

We will have food! Probably pizza! At least a few of us typically bring
some beverage to share, as well. We're a community-run organization, so
we recommend bringing a few dollars if you'd like to partake of the
food. No one will be denied a slice of tasty pizza for inability to
chip-in, though.

Post-Meeting Social Time
------------------------

Have you noticed that it's not 16 degrees below zero lately? We've
noticed. We'd like to celebrate by spending some time socializing. We've
selected [Chief O'Neill's Pub](http://chiefoneillspub.com/) as our venue
of choice for our socializing, as it's just down the block from our
meeting space. We'll be making our way down to the pub after our
meeting, and we hope you'll be able to join us.
