+++
title = "May 2015 Meeting of the ChicagoLUG"
subtitle = "Open Platforms for Federated Futures + MediaGoblin"
date = "2015-05-16T19:00:00-06:00"
description = "Ryan Jarvinen of Red Hat will be discussing Open Platforms for Federated Futures and Jim Campbell will be taking a look at GNU MediaGoblin internals."
slug = "2015-05-16"
tags = [ "Ryan Jarvinen", "Jim Campbell", "MediaGoblin" ] 
type = "meetings"
banner = "img/meetings/2015-05-16-mediagoblin.png"
author = "ChicagoLUG"
+++

The meeting is set for Saturday, May 16th, starting at 7:00pm. We'll be
meeting at [Pumping Station: One](http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone.html). **Make note of the
adjusted time!**

Speaking Topics
---------------

### Ryan Jarvinen, "Open Platforms for Federated Futures"

[Ryan](http://ryanjarvinen.com) will be speaking on "Open Platforms for
Federated Futures." His talk will cover popular open standards for
identity (e.g., open id, persona) authentication (OAuth 1/2), and data
(activity feeds, RSS), and will also take a look at several new
protocols for federated communication (e.g., pump.io, diaspora, tent.io,
gnu social, etc.)

### Jim Campbell, GNU MediaGoblin Internals

Following-up on Ryan's "Open Platforms," discussion, Jim Campbell will
be presenting on [GNU MediaGoblin](http://mediagoblin.org) internals.
We'll have a look at how it works, what is new with the 0.8 release, as
well as see the ChicagoLUG instance of this soon-to-be federated
platform.

Foodstuffs
----------

We will have food! Probably pizza! At least a few of us typically bring
some beverage to share, as well. We're a community-run organization, so
we recommend bringing a few dollars if you'd like to partake of the
food. No one will be denied a slice of tasty pizza for inability to
chip-in, though.
