+++
title = "October 2016 Meeting of ChicagoLUG"
subtitle = "Securing Computers and FLOSS at Fermilab"
date = "2016-10-22T14:00:00-06:00"
description = "Talks on FLOSS in physics engineering and on securing our computers from advanced attacks"
slug = "2016-10-22"
tags = [ "Matthew Garrett", "Bonnie King", "Security", "FLOSS" ] 
type = "meetings"
banner = "img/meetings/fermi.png"
author = "ChicagoLUG"
+++

Our October meeting is set for Saturday, October 22nd, starting at 2:00pm,
and we'll be meeting at the Telnyx offices. We will get a quick overview of
FLOSS-technologies at Telnyx, and Bonnie King will show us how FLOSS supports
high-energy physics research at Fermilab. Matthew Garrett will wrap things up
with an extended talk on securing computers from highly skilled attackers.

### Telynx Engineering - Rob Dux

An overview of FLOSS-based engineering technologies in use at Telynx.

### Linux and Open Source at Fermilab - Bonnie King

High Energy Physics research has a legacy of using and contributing to Free and
Open Source Software. As a sysadmin at Fermilab, Bonnie will talk about some
current and upcoming experiments and the way Linux and FLOSS are put to work in
Physics research.

### Securing Computers from Highly Skilled Attackers - Matthew Garrett

The modern world keeps giving us demonstrations of governments finding new and
exciting ways to spy on computers. It's unlikely that you'll be the target of
any of this surveillance, but where governments start, criminals probably won't
be too far behind. Matthew Garrett will talk about some of the more unsettling
attacks seen in the past few years, but also discuss some of the things normal
users can do to protect against them.

### RSVP

RSVP's are not required, but are encouraged to help us with planning our food
order for the event. You can RSVP on our Meetup page.

### Foodstuffs

We will have food! Probably pizza! At least a few of us typically bring some
beverage to share, as well. We're a community-run organization, so we recommend
bringing a few dollars if you'd like to partake of the food. No one will be
denied a slice of tasty pizza for inability to chip-in, though.
