+++
title = "July 2019 Meeting of ChicagoLUG"
subtitle = "Debian Packaging and Linux on FPGAs"
date = "2018-06-16T14:00:00-05:00"
description = "Debian Packaging and Linux on FPGAs"
slug = "2019-07-13"
tags = [ "Carl Karsten", "Ben Hutchings", "Packaging,", "FPGA" ] 
type = "meetings"
banner = "/img/meetings/fpga.jpg"
author = "ChicagoLUG"
+++

Our July 2019 meeting is set for Saturday, July 13th, starting at 2:00pm,
We'll gather at
[Pumping Station: One](https://pumpingstationone.org/contact-2/).

We have two talks lined-up for this meeting, covering Debian packaging and
Linux on FPGA's.

## What goes into a Debian package

With this talk we'll get a look at Debian packaging as explained by a long
time Debian Developer. We'll cover what a source package is and how it gets
turned into a binary package. If you have ever wanted to package something for
an APT-based Linux distribution, this is for you.

As part of this talk, we'll also get a look at tools that help you organize
files and create config files within a Debian package. Ben will be sharing his
favorites.

## "Booting Linux on an FPGA - how is that possible, and what does that even mean?"

For $120 you can buy an FPGA dev board. then download source code and
build the bit stream to turn it into an open source CPU running Linux
compiled for that CPU. You get bash and some networking, but right now
not much more.  But this isn't for emailing cat videos, this is a
window into the FPGA.

Carl will give an overview of the open source code and tools that go into
this, and what the future may bring us. This is done as a much-shortened
version of what will be an FPGA Hackfest to be held at PyOhio on July,
26th of this year. For details and information about that event, see the
[hackfest information page](https://www.pyohio.org/2019/events/hackfest/)

### RSVP

If this sounds good to you and you plan to join us, kindly RSVP. RSVP's are
not required, but are encouraged to help us with planning our food order for
the event. You can RSVP on our
[Meetup page](https://www.meetup.com/chicagolug/).

### Foodstuffs

We will have food! Probably pizza! At least a few of us typically bring some
beverage to share, as well. We're a community-run organization, so we recommend
bringing a few dollars if you'd like to partake of the food. No one will be
denied a slice of tasty pizza for inability to chip-in, though.
